[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
How would you feel
to know that the film "Close
Encounters of the Third Kind"
may well have been
based on real events?
Hollywood has reportedly long
been used by covert agencies
for slowly trickling
out future scenarios
and genuine military projects.
It's an attempt to take the
shock factor out of a subject
once the true
information reaches
the public-- mental and
emotional conditioning,
you might say.
Len Kasten is here today to talk
about a top-secret project that
was reportedly at the base
of "Close Encounters."
I'm so happy to have you
here because when I first
heard about this
project a few years ago,
I just got a feeling
this is the real deal,
as wild and crazy as it
sounds-- but really not.
And when you think
about Spielberg and some
of these high-end producers'
predictive programming,
you might call it, has
been going on for decades
now around the UFO
subject, right?
>>LEN KASTEN: Definitely,
since the '50s.
>>REGINA: Since the 1950s.
>>KASTEN: Maybe even earlier.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, before we go
into the background,
there's a lot of
background that's
going to really necessitate
a two-part conversation.
It's really, really
exciting stuff.
It has a lot of depth to it.
How did you first become
fascinated by this project?
>>KASTEN: I frequently
attended the UFO Congress
in Laughlin, Nevada.
I used to go every year for
a period about 14 years.
And at the one in
2005, I met Bill Ryan.
And I shared the shuttle ride
all the way from Laughlin
to Las Vegas with him.
And the entire trip,
he talked about nothing
but the Serpo story.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KASTEN: And I was all ears.
I just couldn't
get enough of it.
I realized right away that
it was the real thing.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I did, too.
And yet you had to
really start digging
deep to set up the framework
for why this project would
have ever come to be.
>>KASTEN: Yes, exactly.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: I mean, a
lot of deep politics.
>>KASTEN: Well, I came
to believe that Anonymous
was the real thing.
That he had a story to tell.
That if he was
making it all up, he
would be a science
fiction writer
on the level of Isaac
Asimov or anyone like that,
because it was such
a detailed and very,
very-- the story was
very detailed in terms
of what happened,
exactly what happened.
And it's just something
he couldn't have made up.
>>REGINA: And not only that.
When you look at
the actual excerpts
from those who were involved
directly in the project,
there's a certain
level of the mundane,
that if you were a
science fiction writer,
you wouldn't bother with.
I mean, you definitely
pump up the juice.
Because it's observations
by military people
that are not particularly
juicy in the moment
but have a lot of
import later on.
>>KASTEN: Well,
particularly when
you're dealing with the actual
diary of the team commander.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>KASTEN: That he wrote
while he was on the mission.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's
what I'm referring to.
>>KASTEN: That kind of
detail, and especially the way
it was his lingo,
and how he wrote it,
and how you could tell he
was skipping certain things
and taking shortcuts that
he would have taken if he
was actually writing it down.
It became very convincing.
>>REGINA: And in the
mindset of the day, and also
in the language of someone
who isn't a writer.
>>KASTEN: Exactly.
He was a colonel
in the Air Force.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KASTEN: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
Well, we have a lot to cover.
I'd say, why don't we start
out-- the very beginning
place is talk about--
a lot of our viewers
have heard about
Project Blue Book.
Now let's talk
about the Red Book
and lay out the milieu
of the times that
really started setting
up a couple decades later
this event.
>>KASTEN: Well, Anonymous--
who revealed the story
to the internet--
claims to have been
the editor of the Red Book.
And therefore, he
was the one that
was required to brief
sitting presidents
on the content of the Red Book.
He brought them
up to date and let
them know what was going on.
The Red Book is a story of all
UFO contacts since the '40s.
It's a book that's been being
kept by the intelligence
community.
>>REGINA: So the Red
Book still-- it's
in archive somewhere,
is what you're saying.
>>KASTEN: Yes.
It's within the DIA.
>>REGINA: Compare or
contrast Project Blue Book
to the Red Book.
>>KASTEN: Project Blue Book was
really not a genuine program.
If it hadn't been
for Ruppelt himself,
who was very conscientious
in what he did,
it wouldn't have had
any value at all.
The Blue Book was supposedly
a record of all UFO sightings
and contacts taken
by Air Force officers
at every Air Force
base all over the world
and ultimately sent
in to Blue Book.
And Ruppelt was the
editor at the time.
He was very conscientious.
He tried to do the
right thing, but I think
they came down on
him and ultimately--
>>REGINA: Then the Condon Report
came out and then shot it down,
pun intended.
>>KASTEN: Yeah.
They didn't want
all of it known.
>>REGINA: OK.
So that was kind of an--
>>KASTEN: But Hynek was
a consultant on that.
So--
>>REGINA: So it was
kind of an attempt
to pretend to do something
that would essentially evaluate
the phenomena so that
maybe even the public
could understand
what was going on.
But in fact, it turned into a
bit of a sham by the end of it.
>>KASTEN: Yeah.
But the book is still out there.
And I would recommend anyone
who can get their hands on it--
because it's an old book
by now-- should read it.
>>REGINA: Yes, I agree.
That is good.
And so now the Red
Book was something
that was being maintained
on the inside very closely
by an intelligence agency.
>>KASTEN: I think it was
originally with the CIA.
>>REGINA: And then the DIA.
>>KASTEN: And then the DIA.
But Blue Book was not connected
to either intelligence agency.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
I understand.
But you're right.
It is good to go back
and take a look at that.
>>KASTEN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Because the
cases are still valid.
>>KASTEN: Absolutely.
And as Stanton
Friedman has said,
300 cases were
considered not resolved.
They weren't explained.
And those 300
cases are critical.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, back then you were
talking about Bill Ryan.
And he and his
partner, Kerry Cassidy,
had Project Camelot at the time.
They later split in two.
Bill continued on with
Project Avalon by the time
a lot of this information
started being released.
Why did Anonymous choose Project
Camelot/Avalon for the release
of this and Bill Ryan?
>>KASTEN: He did not.
>>REGINA: How did this happen?
How did they end up
in a situation to--
>>KASTEN: He was a member of
what's called the UFO thread
list, which, as I
explained in my book,
consisted of about 150 insiders.
These were not just a
collection of people interested
in UFOs and ET contact.
These people had all been
either in the military
or the intelligence community.
They were in the know about
extraterrestrial activity,
and Anonymous was a member
of that thread list.
And so was Bill Ryan.
>>REGINA: What was
Bill Ryan's background
that allowed him to be
on that thread list?
>>KASTEN: He'd just been an
investigator and a writer,
a journalist, as far as I know.
But they chose him to do the
website because he volunteered
for it, A. And B, they
felt he had the ability
to do it because he
was a very smart guy.
>>REGINA: Yeah, a smart guy.
And so he had been doing enough
investigation, and that's why--
>>KASTEN: And very
eloquent and very-- he
knew how to put it together.
>>REGINA: And this
is not something
that was ever going to have been
released on mainstream news.
>>KASTEN: I think the intent
and the hope by Anonymous
was that it would eventually,
going through this medium,
starting with the thread list.
And that's exactly
what's happened.
It's slowly filtered into the
mainstream, little by little.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
And that's an
appropriate way to do it.
And a lot of sites that are
considered alternative media
still at this time have
been utilized in that way,
just like Hollywood's
been utilized
to release depictions of
events that are actually real.
>>KASTEN: Exactly.
What would have happened
if Anonymous had decided
to release this to CBS News?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No one would have
ever heard of it.
>>KASTEN: He would have
been laughed out of the--
>>REGINA: You bet.
>>KASTEN: So he did
it the right way.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
I would agree with that.
Now, a moment ago,
we were talking
about how initially Red Book may
have been overseen by the CIA,
but then the DIA took it over,
Defense Intelligence Agency.
Let's talk about that agency--
when it came to be, and why.
>>KASTEN: That's a good subject
because the DIA was a creation
of President Kennedy.
Many people don't know that.
He and McNamara decided
to create a different kind
of intelligence agency.
I think you know,
most people know,
that Kennedy had his
problems with the CIA.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
>>KASTEN: So Kennedy, when he
was briefed on the Serpo story,
he decided to put it in
the hands of the DIA.
And that decision was
the critical decision.
And that's the reason
we have the story today.
If he'd given it to
the CIA, the chances
are it would've stayed buried.
>>REGINA: And as I understand,
Kennedy was also looking toward
transparency, ultimately--
>>KASTEN: Yes.
>>REGINA: --on these stories.
And I don't know if
you have read or heard
the same story about Kennedy.
But I had read at one
point that, as many sitting
presidents had
done once they took
office, of course the subject
of extraterrestrial contact
came up.
And in the case of
Carter, was supposedly
told you are not in a
need-to-know position,
and you will not be given
that information when
he asked for it.
Clinton supposedly asked for it.
My understanding is
Kennedy did as well.
>>KASTEN: Yes, he did.
Absolutely.
And he knew a lot.
He learned a lot.
But he was missing some very
big pieces of the puzzle.
When we talk about Roswell,
I'll get into that.
>>REGINA: OK.
That's fine.
>>KASTEN: OK.
But you know about
the Roswell crash.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KASTEN: And that's
when the whole Serpo
story started, because one of
the aliens survived the crash.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KASTEN: And he was
sent to Los Alamos.
There was a tremendous,
tremendous language problem,
because the Ebens did
not speak in any language
that any of our
experts could decipher.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And now with going back to
Kennedy for just a moment,
you were making a
segue between Roswell
and what ultimately
happened with Kennedy.
>>KASTEN: Yes, because Kennedy
was briefed on Roswell.
But he did not know
what transpired
in the nine-year period from
Roswell to his entering office.
>>REGINA: Right.
And do you-- I believe you do.
It's maybe a leading
question, maybe not-- also
have a good amount of
respect for Philip Corso's
book on the subject.
>>KASTEN: Yes, definitely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I do, as well.
So we're talking "The
Day After Roswell,"
and it sounds like there
was a missing period.
At least in his area of foreign
technologies in the Army,
there was about a 13-year
gap, 12- or 13-year gap,
between the crash and
being delivered these parts
and pieces that were to
be reverse engineered
into useful technology.
>>KASTEN: And those
parts and pieces
were given to Corso in the '60s.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>KASTEN: By his
boss, General Trudeau.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KASTEN: But he did not know
any of what had happened,
what had transpired.
>>REGINA: Philip or
President Kennedy?
Which one are we talking about?
>>KASTEN: Both.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KASTEN: Corso did not
have a top-secret clearance.
He was nine levels
above top secret.
There are 33 levels
>>REGINA: Like masonry.
No surprise. [LAUGHS]
>>KASTEN: So he
was missing a lot.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KASTEN: But Kennedy was
not told the story, either,
of what had happened.
>>REGINA: In the
intervening years.
>>KASTEN: Right.
And that was a very
important period.
And that's the critical period
in terms of the Serpo story.
>>REGINA: OK.
And so he passed this
on-- or he formed
the Defense Intelligence
Agency, didn't he?
>>KASTEN: Yes, he did.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now we have an
agency that is not
the CIA, an antagonistic
relationship with Kennedy,
but someone in
alignment with him.
And they're going to get
to the bottom of the story.
And not only that;
they're going to become
involved in the story.
Now let's pick it up
with those intervening
years between Roswell and the
time Corso and Kennedy became
aware.
>>KASTEN: OK.
One of the aliens survived.
And they were eventually able
to communicate with that alien.
It was difficult, but they did.
And they wanted to know
more about where he
was from, et cetera, of course.
He was taken to Los Alamos.
They set up a very complicated
little community for him.
They brought in
language specialists.
They brought in physicians
who could take care of him,
even though his physiology
was totally different.
>>REGINA: I was going to say.
And language specialists
with squeaks and eeks and--
>>KASTEN: Right, exactly.
Yeah.
They said it sounded like
high-pitched singing,
is what it sounded like.
Just like-- actually in "Close
Encounters" they did, sure.
And they found out that he
knew about it a communications
device that was on the craft.
They had the
communications device,
but they couldn't
get it to work.
The device was
able to communicate
with his home planet.
For the five years which he
remained alive until 1952,
they couldn't get it
to work-- until one
of the scientists at Los Alamos
said, why don't we just bring
it back to the craft and see
if it will work with the power
source on the craft.
>>REGINA: The power
source was the issue.
>>KASTEN: And it took an
earthling to discover that.
Once that was done,
they got it to work.
>>REGINA: Isn't that
interesting because the Eben
himself took that for
granted, to the effect
that you would
never stop to think
that it was anything but the
device that wasn't working.
>>KASTEN: I think he thought
that maybe they'd already tried
that, and it didn't--
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
>>KASTEN: And since they
couldn't communicate,
he didn't know that.
>>REGINA: OK.
So we're going to take it back
a little further, because I'm
allowing this conversation--
which is leading up to the trip
to Serpo itself-- to get into
the really mysterious and not
well-understood roots
of what was going
on militarily between
Germany and America and also
politically.
So we've already gotten into
the politics of Kennedy.
He set up the Defense
Intelligence Agency.
Now we're going to go to a
man named Karl Haushofer.
And we're going to lay
it-- take your time
to lay this foundation.
It's fascinating.
>>KASTEN: Well, I renamed him
the Godfather of the Nazis
because he really was.
He was sent to Japan in
the late 19th century
to help the Japanese develop
their artillery because he
had helped win the French war.
He was a hero in that war.
He was there to help
the Japanese, who
were using a lot of Western
aids to develop their army.
And they became the
most modern army in Asia
as a result of that.
So that's why he was sent there.
>>REGINA: And what
was his background?
>>KASTEN: Artillery and
Prussian discipline,
how to put an army together.
And the Japanese wanted
that at that time.
>>REGINA: This took him into
some really esoteric groups--
the Green Dragons,
the Black Dragons.
>>KASTEN: Right.
Because of his-- he was
greeted by the emperor
when he got there.
So he was greeted at
a very high level.
And since he was very
good at languages,
he developed an ability
to speak Japanese quickly,
as well as Korean.
He already had three
languages to his credit.
He was a very smart guy.
That's what allowed
him to mix and mingle
with the elite in the
Japanese hierarchy,
because he was able
to speak Japanese
and because they wanted
his ability in terms
of developing their army.
And so as a result
of that, they decided
to make him a member of
the Green Dragon Society.
This was a very esoteric
and elite society.
You could call it
a cult in Japan.
But the members of the
Green Dragon Society
were at the very highest
levels of the Japanese military
and government hierarchy.
>>REGINA: So his
being initiated into
that very secretive
society and elite
society, what kind of an
impact would that then have
on future events?
>>KASTEN: Well
because he was trained
in some of their
occult abilities--
namely being able to see the
future to some degree-- he was
only the third Westerner ever
to be allowed into the Green
Dragon Society.
So it was quite an honor.
And as a result of
that connection,
he learned a lot about what
the ultimate goals were
of the Green Dragon Society.
And they were nothing less
than world domination,
world conquest.
That's what they had
in mind for the future.
>>REGINA: OK.
He was viewing into a
particular potential trajectory
into the future, right?
And that was their desire.
>>KASTEN: Japanese secret
societies, the Green Dragons,
were actually anticipating
literally a world takeover.
They were projecting their plans
way out into the 50th century.
>>REGINA: And what
year was this?
Which years, what time period?
>>KASTEN: Was he
brought into it?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>KASTEN: 1890s.
So he returned to Germany
in the early 20th century.
And as a result of that, he
was involved in World War I.
And he was made a
general in World War I.
And because of what he had
learned in the Green Dragon
Society, he was able to
predict enemy attacks-- timing,
everything.
And even though the
Germans lost that war,
he came out of it a
hero and well respected.
>>REGINA: And then comes Hitler.
And he's part Jewish.
He's half Jewish himself.
>>KASTEN: No, he
wasn't half Jewish.
His wife was Jewish.
>>REGINA: His wife
was Jewish, OK.
I thought he was.
OK.
>>KASTEN: He wasn't Jewish.
>>REGINA: His wife was.
And so that must have been,
obviously, as time went on,
difficult for both of them to
be in the position he was in.
>>KASTEN: Not really.
Hitler made exceptions in
many cases where he could,
where it was--
>>REGINA: Yes, he did.
But still,
psychologically that had
to be a little bit difficult.
>>KASTEN: Might have been, yeah.
It might have been, yeah.
But in any case, he knew a lot.
And what the point
I made in my book
was that he was sent back to
Germany because the Japanese,
especially the Green
Dragons, wanted an alliance
with Germany, because their
ultimate goal was the conquest
of the Russian land mass.
And coming at it
from both directions,
they thought it would be
a certainty of success.
So they really hoped that he
would find a leader in Germany
that could bring in
a fascist regime,
just as they were fascist
already because the emperor was
the head of it.
And together they could
conquer the Eurasian land
mass and Russia.
Russia was the goal.
>>REGINA: But he
was also credited
with convincing Hitler that
the Aryans were a master race.
>>KASTEN: Yeah.
He was the geopolitics.
That was his subject.
>>REGINA: And now,
did this have to do
with some innate knowledge,
some esoteric knowledge,
some viewing into the future?
Where did he come to that?
Why did he come to that?
>>KASTEN: Some of
that information
may have been given to
him by the Green Dragons.
But I believe that it
was he had studied it.
In his studies, he had come up
with a lot of these theories.
And he did have a degree, an
advanced degree in geopolitics.
And he helped Hitler
write "Mein Kampf,"
especially those portions that
had to do with geopolitics.
>>REGINA: And supposedly
the information
about the Aryan
race was something
that was passed through
from Atlantean times.
>>KASTEN: That was going
around in Berlin and in Munich
and in Vienna in those days.
There were books and
magazines and papers about it.
>>REGINA: So he was
affected by that.
>>KASTEN: Yeah, he was
affected by it, exactly.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, at the time,
there were craft.
There was high technology,
right, at this point in time.
So we're looking-- this time
is still, as I understand it,
pre-Roswell.
>>KASTEN: Oh, yes.
We're talking the 1920s.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KASTEN: Haushofer organized
trips to Tibet for the Nazis.
And together they went there.
And my belief and my
theory is that when
they went on those
trips, they linked up
with the Green Dragons.
The Green Dragons
in turn were linked
with an underground
civilization that we might call
the home of the Reptilians.
It was a large
underground territory
stretching from Lake
Manasarovar in Tibet
all the way to Banaras, India.
And they called this
snake world popularly.
The Indians did.
People in India did.
The home of the
Nagas, N-A-G-A-S.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KASTEN: And that's
because it was
populated by the Reptilians, who
were an extraterrestrial group.
And--
>>REGINA: The Green Dragons
were working hand in hand
with them to develop technology.
>>KASTEN: Yes.
And the Green Dragons in turn
were working hand in hand
with another group
called the Green Men.
The Green Men were
really the esotericists.
They had all the information.
They were really the ones
connected with the Reptilians.
And certain people have
testified to the fact
that wingless vehicles
were seen flying
in and out of that
area of Tibet,
because that's where the
Reptilians' home base was.
>>REGINA: And there
was reportedly a--
in essence a suicide
mission, joint mission
between the Japanese
and the German.
This is pre--
>>KASTEN: That wasn't till 1946.
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm saying.
Later on, this
happened, as well.
So let's talk about
that period of time.
What kind of craft were
developed during that time
and witnessed up to 1946?
>>KASTEN: I just want
to make the point
that the anti-gravity technology
came from the Reptilians.
And Hitler executed a
pact with the Reptilians
in 1933, through the
mediation of Haushofer,
because he had the connections.
And--
>>REGINA: To the Green Men.
>>KASTEN: --it was
because of that pact
that that technology started
to flow into Germany.
As a matter of fact, the Green
Men sent a contingent to Berlin
to work with the Nazi
scientists on those craft
and on anti-gravity technology.
And that's how they came
to develop the Haunebu.
It wasn't something
that originated
with the German scientists.
>>REGINA: Yes, and
I'm bringing this up
because that's what's always
been commonly thought,
is that somehow they
had a downed craft.
They reverse engineered it.
But this was pretty
sophisticated.
>>KASTEN: Well, one downed
craft, I don't think,
would have done the trick.
I read that.
That was the case.
I think the science,
what they call,
of the wonder weapons,
the German wonder weapons,
were all given to them
by the Reptilians.
>>REGINA: And thus this
plethora of well-versed rocket
scientists that
came out of Germany?
>>KASTEN: Well, the
Reptilians didn't use rockets.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS]
>>KASTEN: They were way
beyond rocket technology.
They were talking about
anti-gravity discs
and interplanetary
vehicles which they had.
>>REGINA: OK.
This is slightly off
topic but maybe not.
Then during Project Paperclip,
when essentially the US
took a lot of the top
scientists and such from Germany
at the end of World War II--
people like Wernher von Braun,
for example-- he
must have been aware
of the Green Men and these
various technologies.
>>KASTEN: I think he was, yeah.
I think he was.
I don't know about the others in
Paperclip, but I think he was.
And maybe Rudolph.
>>REGINA: Because he's called
the godfather of rocket
technology.
>>KASTEN: He is the godfather
of rocket technology.
But he may have known about it.
But it was Oberth
who really knew it.
And he's the one that
made the statement
that we have been helped by
people from other worlds.
He made that statement
in our technology.
>>REGINA: So, I mean, of
course when you're doing deals
through the Green Men
with the Reptilians
and all, you always
have to wonder
what the trade-offs are there.
Was it indicated--
if they were giving
the Germans and the Japanese
this very sophisticated
anti-gravitational
propulsion, what were they
getting in return?
>>KASTEN: Well, you
had fascism in Japan.
Now you have fascism in Germany.
And now we have
an alliance called
the Axis, which is the
alliance of the fascist powers,
including Mussolini
and including Spain.
It was an overt attempt
by fascist alliance
to take over the planet.
They thought they had
it all worked out.
They had the Japanese,
who were now controlled
the seas with their navy.
Now they had Hitler with
the blitzkrieg capability
and his weapons, and the
krupp armaments, and so forth.
They thought they had
put it all together.
>>REGINA: So this would
innately give the Reptilians
some clout around the place.
>>KASTEN: The Reptilians
wanted to see,
in my belief, a fascist
takeover of the planet.
And we came very close to that.
And if that had
happened, you and I
would not be sitting here today.
>>REGINA: No, probably not.
OK.
Now, OK, so that's
the background.
And I want to get up
to that mission to Mars
because it starts timing out
with another telling event
during that same year.
So in the book it was termed
as almost a suicide mission
to Mars, between
the jet that was
manned by the Japanese
and the Germans.
Can you talk a little
bit about that?
>>KASTEN: Yeah.
According to Vladimir
Terziski, where
I got my information
from, is a very smart guy,
Hungarian researcher.
Speaks five languages.
>>REGINA: How do
we spell his name
if anyone wants to do a search?
>>KASTEN: Terziski,
T-E-R-Z-I-S-K-I.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KASTEN: I think his
first name was Vladimir.
I'm not sure.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KASTEN: That
mission-- by the time
the war was over, the
Nazis had developed
a very large anti-gravity
craft, a dreadnought.
It was 200 feet in diameter.
All of that technology
was taken to Antarctica
as the war came to a close.
It was all kept under
wraps by the SS.
It was all under the
control of the SS.
The Wehrmacht and
the German army
were not even involved
with this development.
It was all strictly Himmler.
They developed
the Haunebu craft.
But the Haunebu craft were not
able to get involved in dog
fights with Allied aircraft.
They couldn't
mount guns on them.
And once they did
mount a gun on them,
it changed the whole
dynamic of how they work.
So they couldn't use them.
But they did have a
rocket plane, a jet plane.
Did develop that.
So as the war came
down to a close,
they took all that
technology to Antarctica,
where they had created an
underground-- an under-ice base
in Antarctica.
And that's where it all went.
>>REGINA: I mean, we
read novels about that.
>>KASTEN: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: And this was
the real prize of Hitler,
I mean, that he was--
this was something.
When did he set that in
motion, that original project
in motion?
>>KASTEN: 1938.
>>REGINA: 1938, OK.
>>KASTEN: So they
started building--
realizing they started
building that Antarctic
base before World
War II even started.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
See, one of the novels
said that Hitler actually
went to Antarctica,
rather than being killed,
or rather than killing himself.
>>KASTEN: Hitler
did-- I really believe
Hitler did escape from Germany.
>>REGINA: That's what one of
the books I read said, yeah.
>>KASTEN: Yeah, and there's
a new book out right
now called "Hitler in
Argentina" by somebody
named Henry Cooper that
covers this in great detail.
And Cooper has much
evidence that Hitler
lived in Argentina at least
until 1955, maybe beyond.
>>REGINA: "Hitler
in Argentina" by--
>>KASTEN: Cooper.
>>REGINA: Cooper.
You're sending people
on a lot of searches
while they're watching
this, you know.
>>KASTEN: I know.
I know, yeah.
That's a-- that book was just
released about six months ago.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
Now, Haushofer and his
wife killed themselves.
>>KASTEN: They killed
themselves when
they realized Germany had lost.
And they were Green Dragons.
They were not really German.
And what a proper Green Dragon
does when they fail, is they--
>>REGINA: Suicide.
>>KASTEN: --slit their
stomach and hari-kari.
He didn't do that;
they just took poison.
But his wife also hanged
herself just to make sure she
would die.
And they did that in 1946
after they had already
been absolved of any guilt
by the Nuremberg tribunal.
>>REGINA: So it was a matter
of Green Dragon protocol.
>>KASTEN: They had nothing
to worry about anymore.
Nothing to worry about.
Why did they kill themselves?
Because they had failed.
>>REGINA: Because
they had failed.
>>KASTEN: They
picked the wrong man.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK, now this story.
So Antarctica, here we
have an underground base.
And it was populated
with how many personnel?
>>KASTEN: Thousands.
The so-called lost
army, 250,000--
>>REGINA: Lost ships.
Lost a lot of stuff.
>>KASTEN: Soldiers
that never showed up.
Actually, it was created
as a scientific base.
Hitler-- it was
never anticipated
that any segment of
the German population
would go to live there.
They only wanted the purest
Aryan people to live there
and to breed a new race.
>>REGINA: And there were
about 40,000 of them.
Is that correct?
>>KASTEN: There
were at that time.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KASTEN: At the time
was a city called
New Berlin under the ice.
And it was from
that scientific base
that they launched the
suicide mission to Mars.
Because by 1946, Hitler
supposedly was already dead.
>>REGINA: Right, supposedly.
>>KASTEN: And
Germany was in ruins.
>>REGINA: Why would they have
launched a suicide mission
to Mars?
>>KASTEN: It wasn't meant
to be a suicide mission,
but it turned out that way.
The men who were involved
in that mission-- which
was a combined German,
Japanese crew, about 200-- it
was in a huge rocket.
You wouldn't call
it a rocket ship.
It was a UFO type of craft.
They thought they
could come back.
>>REGINA: OK.
So they were hopeful that
they were going to make this--
>>KASTEN: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK, round trip.
>>KASTEN: But when
they-- they crashed on
Mars, and they couldn't return.
But they knew that possibility
was a strong possibility,
that it was a suicide mission.
>>REGINA: Now, if Haushofer
was remote viewing,
and these various elite members
of the Japanese military
were able to also remote
view, and remote view
into the future, what had
they already seen, perhaps,
on Mars by this time?
>>KASTEN: Well, you
know that Hitler was
connected with the Reptilians.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KASTEN: Clearly the
Reptilians had a base
under-- in Antarctica, also.
And that's why the Nazis
decided to put it there,
adjacent to the Reptilian
base, because they were now
buddies, friends.
And they were space scientists.
Hitler's main
interest at that point
was space exploration
and conquest.
>>REGINA: Because the
Earth wasn't big enough.
>>KASTEN: Well, the
Reptilians were into conquest.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>KASTEN: Not just
here, everywhere.
>>REGINA: Yeah, gotcha.
>>KASTEN: And Hitler
bought into that,
figuring not only would
he conquer the planet,
but that he had visions of
conquering other planets along
with his friends.
>>REGINA: So did
they think they maybe
had a shot at colonizing Mars?
>>KASTEN: Yes.
And von Braun wrote about
Mars, "The Mars Project,"
very early in the game.
He wrote it in 1952, a book
called "The Mars Project."
And he had it all laid out.
>>REGINA: I guess
what I'm asking
beyond that is had
anybody remote viewed it
as to the potential that
it was already occupied,
or had already been colonized,
or had its own inhabitants.
>>KASTEN: By the Germans?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Germans or Japanese?
>>KASTEN: I'm not sure.
>>REGINA: Did they think it was
virgin territory at that time?
>>KASTEN: I think they did.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KASTEN: They thought
that it had been destroyed.
Civilization on Mars
had been destroyed.
Where in actuality,
there was a very large
underground population
on Mars already.
>>REGINA: Right.
That's what I'm
trying to get to.
>>KASTEN: Yes.
And they were populated mainly
by Martians but also by humans.
>>REGINA: Humans, yes.
>>KASTEN: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
Good.
I just wanted to get that
part out in the clear.
>>KASTEN: Yeah, Bob
Dean said there's
a city the size of Chicago.
>>REGINA: Yes, I was
at one of his talks.
He was showing some of the--
>>KASTEN: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
Now, there were people missing--
40,000 people, maybe more.
We don't know.
But roughly 40,000 people
missing because they
were in New Berlin.
There were also U-boats
missing from Germany.
>>KASTEN: Yes, there were.
>>REGINA: As I have
here, 54 U-boats missing
during that period of time.
That's significant.
>>KASTEN: Yes.
And they were the
new variety, the kind
that could travel underwater for
the entire trip from Germany.
So they wouldn't be
found out or recognized
by any of our Allied convoys.
>>REGINA: And these
were-- let's see.
Where does Viktor Schauberger
come into the story?
>>KASTEN: Schauberger
was one of the scientists
in Germany involved in
anti-gravity research
and development.
And they actually helped develop
the flying saucers in Germany.
So he was a very important
person, and we knew it.
We had identified him already.
>>REGINA: And he was--
supposedly had been using
concentration camps to do
some of the building of the--
>>KASTEN: He used inmates from
the Mauthausen concentration
camp, who were really slave
laborers, who were worked
to death, and beaten, starved.
But there were a lot of
very intelligent scientists
in those ranks, as well.
And Schauberger took advantage
of that and used them.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about retrieved--
>>KASTEN: And by
the way, von Braun
knew about that too, about those
that were using concentration
camp inmates.
He knew that at Peenemunde.
>>REGINA: And then
retrieved craft.
We're talking about--
everyone knows of Roswell.
But also preceding
Roswell was Sirocco.
Then San Diego,
1941, that's not one
that most people have heard of.
>>KASTEN: The
crash in San Diego?
Right.
1941.
Yeah, that was the first one.
That was before Roswell, right?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>KASTEN: The Navy
recovered that craft.
I don't have very much
information about it,
but I do know that was the year.
That was six years
before Roswell.
>>REGINA: Six years before.
And then there was
Sirocco, New Mexico,
which was a couple
months before Roswell.
And I've already brought
up Lieutenant Corso.
I mean, we're leading
directly up to 1947 now.
And then let's talk about what
was happening politically.
1981, President Reagan was
briefed regarding the extent
of ET military contact.
Is that correct?
>>KASTEN: Yes.
Yes, he was briefed on that.
Yeah, by the CIA.
But Corso didn't come into
the picture until 1962.
>>REGINA: Yeah, '62.
>>KASTEN: Around the
same time as Kennedy.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
Well, you know, yeah.
Let's backtrack a bit
for people who have not
read "Day After Roswell."
And let's just talk about
what he was delivered,
and what came out of it, and
how the stuff was basically
parted out to
independent contractors,
military contractors
and private.
>>KASTEN: Before
we do that, let's
talk about the Kingman event.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KASTEN: Because I've
devoted a chapter.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
Let's do.
>>KASTEN: I've devoted a
chapter in my book to Kingman.
The alien craft that
crashed at Kingman
had four live aliens in it.
It wasn't really a
crash, it was a landing.
And what happened was our
military realized after Roswell
that that small aircraft
that crashed at Roswell
could not have traveled
on an interstellar basis
from 39 lightyears away.
It was too small.
Therefore, they
concluded there must have
been a mother ship in orbit.
And they contacted
that mother ship.
And since they now were able
to communicate with the aliens'
home planet and in English.
They were using
English at that time.
The aliens had learned to
speak English is what happened.
We could not learn
their language.
It was too difficult.
They said to them, just
send down another one.
And they did do that.
And that's the one that
landed in Kingman with four
aliens, four Ebens, aboard.
>>REGINA: And there
they met with--
>>KASTEN: There the military
took the craft on a tanker,
on a trailer that carried
tanks, to the Nevada test site.
And the four aliens
went to Los Alamos.
And while they
were at Los Alamos
and we were tinkering with
the craft at Nevada test site,
they realized they couldn't
make any progress with it--
with back engineering
it, unless they
had the aliens to work with.
So finally they said,
OK, bring them over.
They knew they couldn't
communicate by language,
but they figured
they could work it.
And sure enough, that
made the difference.
The aliens started to
cooperate with our scientists.
Von Neumann was involved
at that point, also,
and we started to back
engineer the alien craft.
And Bill Uhouse was one of the
engineers assigned to that.
I have a whole sequence
in my book about Bill.
His job was to
build a simulator so
that we could train
our pilots to work
with the back-engineered craft.
That started in 1953, the year
after the alien from Roswell
had died.
He died in '52.
>>REGINA: What about
the Kingman aliens?
>>KASTEN: The Kingman crash
was in 1953, the next year.
>>REGINA: And how
long did they live?
>>KASTEN: As far as I know,
they lived a long time.
They were kept
there at Los Alamos,
and they were taken care of.
By that time, we had a lot
of experience with them.
So we developed
anti-gravity technology
in that nine-year period.
And by the time of Kennedy's
coming into office,
we already have working craft,
according to Bill Uhouse.
Bill Uhouse said we had them
working and traveling-- he felt
already traveling out in space.
>>REGINA: OK.
Not just sightings
around planet Earth.
They were capable of
far more than that.
>>KASTEN: No.
They were actually
traveling into space.
>>REGINA: And then
the other technologies
were back-engineered more
for commercial purposes
and military purposes, according
to Philip Corso's book.
And he wasn't the only
person that received packets
of these strange artifacts.
>>KASTEN: Well, Corso got in
the picture around the same time
as Kennedy, around 1962.
Trudeau had a file cabinet
full of small things
that they had recovered
at the Roswell crash.
And he told Corso to take all
of this equipment, and seed
various industries, and see
what we could make out of it.
>>REGINA: A lot.
>>KASTEN: That's how
the transist-- right.
>>REGINA: I was going to say,
transistor radios, lasers.
>>KASTEN: Lasers.
>>REGINA: Kevlar.
>>KASTEN: Night vision.
All kinds of things.
>>REGINA: All kinds of stuff.
>>KASTEN: Velcro, everything.
A lot of stuff came out of that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It's pretty cool.
>>KASTEN: But that
didn't start till 1962.
By that time, we had already
back engineered the alien craft
at the Nevada test site.
We had that working.
So Corso was not privy
to that information,
because he didn't have a
clearance that was high enough.
>>REGINA: Right.
Exactly.
>>KASTEN: So he
didn't know about it.
>>REGINA: And I mean, everything
is so compartmentalised.
>>KASTEN: Right.
>>REGINA: He had
his, as you say,
filing cabinet full of stuff.
He had to figure out--
>>KASTEN: That was his job.
>>REGINA: --Bell Labs
or Rockwell, whoever
he had to get it out to.
He just got it out to the people
most appropriate to develop it.
>>KASTEN: And that speeded
up the computer development
tremendously, the transistor.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now let's move it
forward a little bit
toward the '80s and
Ronald Reagan and Ronald
Reagan being briefed.
I read the briefing
in your book.
And I thought, whoa, not a
lot in-depth searching there
on the part of the president.
>>KASTEN: Well, he was
technologically challenged,
you know.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>KASTEN: He would just
eat his jelly beans
and listen to what
they were telling him.
>>REGINA: What a
shame that that's
the sitting president
when all of this
was happening-- not that
presidents have much
to do with anything,
anyway, as we know.
>>KASTEN: Well, by 1981, we had
already been to Serpo and back.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
And so he-- once he
was briefed, anyway,
was there ever a
point-- now this
is in the '80s, where
we started understanding
that it was time
to start releasing
some of this information
to the public.
Is that how Hollywood
became involved?
Did they see that as the best
way to start conditioning us
as a civilization?
>>KASTEN: Yeah,
I think Hollywood
was involved with that
from the very beginning,
from the '50s on.
And after Spielberg
made "Close Encounters",
they realized he
was the perfect guy
to use for the
acclimation from public--
what they call the public
acclimation program because
of his movie-making
capabilities.
>>REGINA: OK.
So by this time now, we're back.
We have craft that has been
to outer space and back.
It's 1962.
We have a plethora
of high-tech devices
that are under development.
Now let's talk about the
nature of the relationship
at that time between
the Ebens' home place
and what-- Los Alamos?
Dulce?
Where else?
What was happening with
this communication?
What kind of deals
were being struck?
>>KASTEN: Well, the only
deals that were struck
were, that we agreed
to a exchange program.
And that was made before
Kennedy even came into office.
So once he came into office
in 1961, he was briefed on it
and asked, OK, the
whole exchange program,
which he did immediately.
Because the point
I made in my book
was that he wanted a
space triumph very badly
after Sputnik.
He felt like we needed
to do something.
And he wrote a
letter to von Braun
asking him, what can we do?
How can we get to the moon?
What can-- can we create
a laboratory on the moon?
Anything.
Because the new frontier that
Kennedy talked about was space.
That was the new frontier.
And von Braun said yes, we can
get there and back by 1969.
And that's when they went for it
big time, for the moon landing.
That's when Kennedy gave his
famous man on the moon speech
to Congress, around that time
that von Braun had said OK.
>>REGINA: And yet,
there was still
this ongoing feud, discord
between Kennedy and the CIA.
>>KASTEN: Right.
But Kennedy hadn't been
told about anything
but the Serpo exchange program.
He didn't know anything
about the nine years
that we had developed our own.
All he knew was
that he was asked
to OK the exchange program.
And of course, he did,
even though he knew
he had to keep silent about it.
He could not release
it to the public.
>>REGINA: So it went
all the way to the top.
>>KASTEN: Right.
Yes, because MJ-12
made the rules then.
He didn't make the rules.
>>REGINA: Yet he had
created-- forgive me
for forgetting the name of it--
some kind of a space commission
or committee in the
government that his vice
president oversaw, right?
>>KASTEN: Yes, he made Johnson
the head of the space council.
That's correct.
>>REGINA: Yet when
he was assassinated,
Johnson knew nothing
about the project.
Can you talk a little bit more
about what was going on there?
>>KASTEN: I guess MJ-12 read
the riot act to Kennedy,
and said this is strictly
for your knowledge only.
You're not to tell your cabinet.
You're not to tell
the vice president.
You're not to tell anyone.
Just you.
That's it.
So when Kennedy
died, Johnson had
to be briefed on
the whole program,
and he had to re-approve it.
>>REGINA: And what was
his position on all of it?
>>KASTEN: He said, fine.
If they arrive-- if
they get here, fine.
He didn't believe
it would happen.
He didn't believe it would
happen, that the aliens would
actually land here.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now we've arrived at a time--
what year did they actually
begin to assemble
the crew, start
looking for people on the crew.
And we're going to talk
about what happens after that
in our second conversation.
But maybe just lay
the groundwork for us
a little bit on how
they went about finding
the correct people.
>>KASTEN: When they started
Project Crystal Knight, which
was its new name now,
Project Crystal Knight.
>>REGINA: Was the Serpo project.
>>KASTEN: Yeah.
Kennedy gave the go-ahead.
So they started.
They put ads in military
journals asking for volunteers
for a very special program.
They didn't reveal the details.
They didn't even mention
that it was a moon program.
They got about 600 responses.
Because they wanted
an all-military team.
They didn't care what branch
of the military they came from,
but they wanted them to
have military discipline
in their background for
this kind of a project.
They ultimately selected 16
people-- 12 original people
and four alternates
who would be trained
alongside the team of 12.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And they were not given
certainly much information
at all.
>>KASTEN: They were not
told about the real mission
until late in their training.
>>REGINA: That's so unfair
when you look back at it.
>>KASTEN: It's horrible.
>>REGINA: But they did.
>>KASTEN: As I said
in my book, they
must have been
shaking in their boots
when they were told they
were going to a planet
39 lightyears away for 10 years.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you think?
>>KASTEN: And then one of them
decided he didn't want to go.
He said, no thanks.
>>REGINA: Oh, we're
going to talk about that.
This wasn't a project you backed
away from and just walked back
to your suburban life.
It didn't work like that.
>>KASTEN: No, sorry.
You're going to
Leavenworth for 10 years.
>>REGINA: Oh, no.
>>KASTEN: That's what
happens if you don't go.
He said, all right.
I'll go.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
OK.
Now, at this time the
Reptilians, the Green Men,
the Japanese-- the whole
project between the Reptilians,
the Green Men, Green Dragon
Society, Japanese, and Germans,
Hitler, all that, that's been--
maybe it's gone underground.
Maybe that would be
a good thing to say.
It's gone underground.
That's not part of this.
>>KASTEN: No.
>>REGINA: Now, so
what kind of a deal
were the Ebens trying to cut?
I mean, was it a two-way street?
What had they hoped
to gain from us?
>>KASTEN: Ebens were just
being our friends, really.
They might have learned
something about nuclear energy,
but that's about it.
We had nothing
else to teach them.
They were way ahead of us.
In terms of propulsion,
in terms of biotechnology,
they were way ahead of us.
>>REGINA: Cloning?
>>KASTEN: They just want--
cloning, which they could do.
They just wanted to set up
a interplanetary alliance,
basically.
And we were thrilled with that.
This was our doorway
into the galaxy.
To have a base-- if
we could actually
establish a base on
Serpo-- which I think we
did, by the way, even
though it's not in the book.
I'm sure we had
people there already.
Think of what we've learned.
Just think.
It's astounding.
But they never abducted anybody.
They were never trying
to hurt us in any way,
even though at the beginning
when we found human body
parts on their craft--
>>REGINA: Well, yeah.
It was suspicious.
[LAUGHS]
>>KASTEN: There was some
nervousness along those lines.
We thought they might
be flesh eaters.
Turned out they weren't.
They were just bringing
samples back to Serpo
to be analyzed for the DNA.
But we didn't even know
what DNA was at that time.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's right.
>>KASTEN: 1964.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>KASTEN: But they
just wanted to set up,
and we were very
happy to do that.
And they've become our friends.
And we now have a ongoing
relationship with the Ebens.
They're very nice entities.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
You also hear the
Ebens' body structure
is very similar to what
we call the Greys, right?
And you also hear
opposing stories,
that the Greys have been
very actively involved
in, you can call it,
other-dimensional contact,
abductions, and so forth, right?
>>KASTEN: Yes.
The Greys are allied with
the Reptilians, clearly.
That evidence--
>>REGINA: Ebens, nothing
to do with these Greys--
>>KASTEN: Nothing
to do with them.
>>REGINA: --even if they're all
similar body structures and so
forth.
Different groups.
>>KASTEN: Totally
different race.
We've been involved with at
least 11 different races,
according to Anonymous.
Anonymous said 11.
Other people, like
Bob Dean and others,
have said the number
is much higher.
I don't know what
the real number is.
But Anonymous rattled off
eight different star systems
that we're dealing with.
It's in the book.
It's all in the book.
But the Ebens have
always been our friends.
And therefore we can
assume, I think very easily,
that they have shared a lot
of that technology with us.
That means we have it
somewhere, under lock and key.
How could they not?
They've always been friendly.
They allowed us to
walk around their ship
while we were on
their way to Serpo.
And they told us how
the propulsion system
worked and everything.
>>REGINA: Thanks Len.
In our next
conversation, we're going
to talk about the extraordinary
story of preparing
12 human beings to live
a decade on a planet
some 39 lightyears away.
The adage that
ignorance is bliss
worked to their advantage.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[THEME MUSIC]